## Running locally

No special setup required, install requirements and `runserver` it up! Example with virtualenv:
```
virtualenv VENV -p python
source VENV/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
./manage.py runserver
```

## Code formatting and linting

All code has been formatted with [black](https://github.com/psf/black). Imports have been sorted with [isort](https://github.com/timothycrosley/isort).

There's a `format.sh` file inside `code/` to do those plus autoflake (for unused imports removal) in one shot.

## API Authorization

DRF's [TokenAuthentication](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/authentication/#tokenauthentication) has been set up for the API views (where applicable). You'll have to create a Token inside the admin panel before you can make requests to `/upload` and `/summary`. 

Token needs to be provided in the standard `Authorization: Token <token>` way.

## Settings

Two app-specific settings have been added to settings.py:

* `UPLOAD_PASSWORD_LENGTH` determines how long the autogenerated passphrase for an uploaded resource should be
* `UPLOAD_EXPIRY_HOURS` determines after how many hours the upload becomes inaccessible
* `BASE_APP_URL` set this to the root URL of wherever the app is deployed to build nice, complete URLs

## Commands

A `createuser` command has been added to help out with creating users for local testing and development.

It takes a `username` as an argument, and if the optional `--email` flag is not provided, will use a `<username>@example.com` address instead.

Asks for password via `getpass()`.

An API token is automatically created and printed, unless `--no-token` is passed.

## Extras

Add a Django system check to see if `BASE_APP_URL` is configured and warn early about the consequences.

## Dependencies

Nothing extra special, apart from [freezegun](https://github.com/spulec/freezegun) for expiry testing, though it is a bit overkill for this case.


## Tests

Nothing special (no pytest, no nose) just `./manage.py test`.

There is a `.har` file which you should be able to import into Insomnia or any other desktop HTTP client for manual API tests. 
